@2025-04-12 Starting this up again
I'm dusting off this projet a bit to add a new feature:
realtime input processing. In theory, this shouldn't be
terribly difficult. I've done this thing before, and it
involves adding input ports to JACK, and then
creating nodes that can read from these inputs.

@09:30 Pre-work: troubleshooting weird compiler errors
It appears that GCC is having trouble finding `addrinfo`
and the networking functions. My guess is there's some
compatibility flag there.
---
My current plan is to create smaller self-contained
versions of the files in question (client.c in mnort),
and go from there.
---
Ah, okay okay. it's server.c that is the culprit, not
client. I think I have ANSI C flags there when it should
be c99 flags.
---
Actually, c99 and c89 both fail.
---
The fix is to put this at the top of the file:
===
#define _POSIX_C_SOURCE 200112L
===

@09:49 things build now, let's make sure realtime still works
I had a live coding vim script I made a while back.
Let's see what works and what doesn't.
---
I actually need jack2 for jack_lsp, so install this and rebuilding
mnolth
---
I don't think the mnolth server is actually starting
---
My goodness, I don't have gdb installed. My sweet summer child.
---
Something weird is freezing.

@10:06 doing a full rebuild, we'll see if that fixes things

@10:15 After a full rebuild, still hanging

@10:18 we're not actually hanging, just forgot to flush
we are in the main run loop. Now, let's see if things
work in the live coding editor

@10:21 client errors are back. I forgot to uncomment the code
Okay we are so back
---
And it all works still great

@10:32 weird vim quirks: needed extra lines
When I eval the last line in the test.lua file, it selects
the text but doesn't enter it. I did rework the the vimscript
file to not return the output. The hack is to just add more
line breaks at the end of the file. Weird.
---
Vim mischief managed. I didn't quite have the vim command right.

@10:34 attempting to add some input ports
Based on how I have things set up, I think the plan
will be to add some input ports to the jack server,
then have a LIL function called "rtin" or something
---
Boilerplate "rtin" LIL function created. Input ports seem
to show up on JACK.

@10:57 Adding an rtin node
I think I did this very same thing before in monolith,
double checking. I can't quite remember the incantation
to use to read from the input ports.
---
Great. We did this before in a node called "monin".
---
The name of the game is copying buffers from jack ports
into graforge cables. The blocks are going to be different
sizes, so that's the challenging bit.
---
I think this works with a couple of safe assumptions:
The buffer size in JACK is larger than the block size
in a graforge cable. The block size of a graforge cable
will evenly divide into the jack buffer.
---
Actually, I think we need to know the buffer size of jack.
That is information inside of the hotswapping utility.

@11:55 initial testing
most things seem to be tentatively in place.
---
works! but I need to clean up buffers apparently.
---
we're back, now we need to get the uke hooked up with the
new interface. I think I have enough raw material lying
around for hooking it up. More cables are coming in
the mail later.

@12:44 we got the uke working with reverb and delay
sounds lovely. recorded a small demo to share with the world
